This directory contains code that is more useful than the examples. This code
*is* supported.

    lua.lua                 -- new require and requirelib implementations

This is to support dynamic loading of LuaSocket. Check the INSTALL
file for more information.

    tftp.lua                -- Trivial FTP client

This module implements file retrieval by the TFTP protocol. Its main use
was to test the UDP code, but since someone found it usefull, I turned it
into a module that is almost official (no uploads, yet).

    dict.lua                -- Dict client

The dict.lua  module started with  a cool  simple client  for the  DICT
protocol, written by Luiz Henrique Figueiredo. This new version has been
converted into a library, similar to the HTTP  and FTP libraries, that can
be used from within  any luasocket application. Take  a look on the  source
code and you will be able to figure out how to use it.

    lp.lua                  -- LPD client

The lp.lua module implements the client part of the Line Printer Daemon
protocol, used to print files on Unix machines. It is courtesy of David
Burgess and I heard he would be the one supporting it, even after I messed
with it.  See the source code and the lpr.lua in the examples directory.

    get.lua                 -- file retriever

This little  program is  a client  that uses  the FTP  and HTTP  code to
implement a  command line  file graber. Just  run 

	lua get.lua <remote-file> [<local-file>]

to download  a remote file (either  ftp:// or http://) to  the specified
local file.  The program  also prints  the download  throughput, elapsed
time, bytes already downloaded etc during download.

	check-links.lua			-- HTML link checker program

This little program scans a HTML file and checks for broken links. It is
similar to check-links.pl by Jamie Zawinski, but uses all facilities of
the LuaSocket library and the Lua language. It has not been thoroughly
tested, but it should work. Just run

	lua check-links.lua {<url>} > output

and open the result to see a list of broken links. 

Good luck,
Diego.
